THAT WERE VIEWED AS ANTI-SEMITISM.
ANTI-SEMITISM. BUT THE DIFFICULTY IN CRAFTING
BUT THE DIFFICULTY IN CRAFTING THAT BILL MAY BE A SIGN OF MORE
THAT BILL MAY BE A SIGN OF MORE TROUBLE AHEAD.
TROUBLE AHEAD. JOINING ME IS ONE OF THE NEW
JOINING ME IS ONE OF THE NEW DEMOCRATS THAT WON IN ORANGE
DEMOCRATS THAT WON IN ORANGE COUNTY AND TURNED IT FROM RED TO
COUNTY AND TURNED IT FROM RED TO BLUE, GOOD TO SEE YOU, SIR.
BLUE, GOOD TO SEE YOU, SIR. >> THANK YOU, CHUCK.
>> THANK YOU, CHUCK. >> DO YOU FIND THIS TO BE A LOST
>> DO YOU FIND THIS TO BE A LOST WEEK SINCE THE PARTY AND
WEEK SINCE THE PARTY AND MAJORITY, YOU HAD TO SPEND A LOT
MAJORITY, YOU HAD TO SPEND A LOT OF TIME FIGHTING WITH EACH
OF TIME FIGHTING WITH EACH OTHER.
OTHER. >> THANKFULLY WE GOT SOME OTHER
>> THANKFULLY WE GOT SOME OTHER THINGS ESTABLISHED BUT YES IT
THINGS ESTABLISHED BUT YES IT WAS A DISTRACTION THAT NONE OF
WAS A DISTRACTION THAT NONE OF US NEED.
US NEED. >> HOW DO YOU ARTICULATE WHAT
>> HOW DO YOU ARTICULATE WHAT HAPPENED HERE.
HAPPENED HERE. DO YOU TAKE CONGRESSWOMAN OMAR
DO YOU TAKE CONGRESSWOMAN OMAR AT HER WORD THAT SHE WASN’T
AT HER WORD THAT SHE WASN’T TRYING TO BE ANTI-SEMITIC, AND
TRYING TO BE ANTI-SEMITIC, AND SHE HAS NEVER APOLOGIZED.
SHE HAS NEVER APOLOGIZED. >> I THINK IT WOULD BEHOOVE ALL
>> I THINK IT WOULD BEHOOVE ALL OF US IN ELECTED POSITIONS TO DO
OF US IN ELECTED POSITIONS TO DO A BETTER JOB OF CHOOSING OUR
A BETTER JOB OF CHOOSING OUR WORDS CORRECTLY, ACTING LIKE THE
WORDS CORRECTLY, ACTING LIKE THE DIPLOMATS THAT WE’RE ELECTED TO
DIPLOMATS THAT WE’RE ELECTED TO BE AND MAKE SURE THAT WE’RE NOT
BE AND MAKE SURE THAT WE’RE NOT DENIGRATING ANYBODY.
DENIGRATING ANYBODY. WE WANT TO SEE A NAT IS A LEADER
WE WANT TO SEE A NAT IS A LEADER IN HOW WE SHOULD BEHAVE, AND
IN HOW WE SHOULD BEHAVE, AND HOPEFULLY THE REST OF US CAN
HOPEFULLY THE REST OF US CAN FOLLOW SUIT.
FOLLOW SUIT. >> I KNOW THAT THE DEMOCRATS
>> I KNOW THAT THE DEMOCRATS WANT TO SAY THIS IS GREAT.
WANT TO SAY THIS IS GREAT. YOU’RE GOING TO HAVE PEOPLE FROM
YOU’RE GOING TO HAVE PEOPLE FROM ALL WALKS OF LIFE, AT WHAT POINT
ALL WALKS OF LIFE, AT WHAT POINT CAN YOU NOT UNIFY?
CAN YOU NOT UNIFY? IS THERE A POINT WHERE YOUR TENT
IS THERE A POINT WHERE YOUR TENT IS TOO BIG?
IS TOO BIG? >> BOTH TENTS ARE BIG.
>> BOTH TENTS ARE BIG. REPUBLICAN OR DEMOCRATIC YOU
REPUBLICAN OR DEMOCRATIC YOU HAVE STEVE KING SAYING
HAVE STEVE KING SAYING OUTLANDISH REMARKS, AND I DON’T
OUTLANDISH REMARKS, AND I DON’T THINK HE REPRESENTS THE MAJORITY
THINK HE REPRESENTS THE MAJORITY OF REPUBLICANS.
OF REPUBLICANS. I DON’T THINK THAT IS THE CASE
I DON’T THINK THAT IS THE CASE AND I WOULD NOT SUGGEST IT.
AND I WOULD NOT SUGGEST IT. ALL OF US ON THE FAR RIGHT OR
ALL OF US ON THE FAR RIGHT OR THE FAR LEFT THAT SOMETIMES WE
THE FAR LEFT THAT SOMETIMES WE MAKE ANTAGONISTIC REMARKS, IT
MAKE ANTAGONISTIC REMARKS, IT DOESN’T SERVE US AS LAWMAKERS IN
DOESN’T SERVE US AS LAWMAKERS IN CONGRESS.
CONGRESS. >> SHOULD THAT RESOLUTION HAVE
>> SHOULD THAT RESOLUTION HAVE BEEN AS WATERED DOWN AS IT WAS.
BEEN AS WATERED DOWN AS IT WAS. THE ONLY THING MISSING WAS
THE ONLY THING MISSING WAS PEOPLE WHO HATE PUPPIES.
PEOPLE WHO HATE PUPPIES. >> NO, I DON’T THINK IT WAS
>> NO, I DON’T THINK IT WAS WATERED DOWN.
WATERED DOWN. WE HAD A WHOLE LIST IN THERE,
WE HAD A WHOLE LIST IN THERE, THAT IS WHAT WE SHOULD BE
THAT IS WHAT WE SHOULD BE FIGHTING BACK.
FIGHTING BACK. HATE IS HATE, ANNTI-SEMITISM OR
HATE IS HATE, ANNTI-SEMITISM OR OTHERWISE.
OTHERWISE. >> SO YOU’RE NOT DISAPPOINTED IT
>> SO YOU’RE NOT DISAPPOINTED IT DIDN’T ADDRESS THE ISSUE?
DIDN’T ADDRESS THE ISSUE? >> I THINK IT DID.
>> I THINK IT DID. EVEN THIS WEEK IN NEWPORT BEACH
EVEN THIS WEEK IN NEWPORT BEACH IN MY DISTRICT, WE HAD A
IN MY DISTRICT, WE HAD A SITUATION WITH KIDS THAT WERE
SITUATION WITH KIDS THAT WERE CELEBRATING NAZIISM AND DOING
CELEBRATING NAZIISM AND DOING THE HITLER SIGN.
THE HITLER SIGN. IT’S NOT FUNNY OR APPROPRIATE AT
IT’S NOT FUNNY OR APPROPRIATE AT ANY TIME.
ANY TIME. >> MICHAEL COHEN SAID HIS
>> MICHAEL COHEN SAID HIS TESTIMONY IS BEING CALLED INTO
TESTIMONY IS BEING CALLED INTO CORRECTION, HIS LAWYERS HAVING
CORRECTION, HIS LAWYERS HAVING TO PROTECTCORRECT PART OF IT.
TO PROTECTCORRECT PART OF IT. DO YOU BELIEVE IT?
DO YOU BELIEVE IT? >> YOU DON’T TAKE HIM ON HIS
>> YOU DON’T TAKE HIM ON HIS WORD AT ANYTHING?
WORD AT ANYTHING? HE HAS TO BRING RECEIPTS.
HE HAS TO BRING RECEIPTS. >> YES, WITH A SHAKER OF SALT,
>> YES, WITH A SHAKER OF SALT, WE NEED TO CORROBORATE WHAT HE
WE NEED TO CORROBORATE WHAT HE SAYS TO BE TRUE, WHEN HE BRINGS
SAYS TO BE TRUE, WHEN HE BRINGS IN CASHED CHECKS BY THE
IN CASHED CHECKS BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES WHILE HE IS SITTING IN OFFICE,
WHILE HE IS SITTING IN OFFICE, THAT IS PRETTY GOOD EVIDENCE.
THAT IS PRETTY GOOD EVIDENCE. >> DO YOU THINK WHAT IS BEING
>> DO YOU THINK WHAT IS BEING ALLEGED IS ENOUGH TO PURSUE?
ALLEGED IS ENOUGH TO PURSUE? I DON’T THINK WE HAVE ENOUGH
I DON’T THINK WE HAVE ENOUGH EVIDENCE THERE, LET’S CONTINUE
EVIDENCE THERE, LET’S CONTINUE TO DIG.
TO DIG. TO ME THE BIGGER ISSUE THAT CAME
TO ME THE BIGGER ISSUE THAT CAME UP TODAY WAS A DISCUSSION THAT
UP TODAY WAS A DISCUSSION THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP HAD A
PRESIDENT TRUMP HAD A CONVERSATION WITH HIM ABOUT
CONVERSATION WITH HIM ABOUT PARDONING HIM.
PARDONING HIM. I’M VERY CONCERNED ABOUT THAT.
I’M VERY CONCERNED ABOUT THAT. THERE WAS A QUID PRO QUO THAT
THERE WAS A QUID PRO QUO THAT WAS DISCUSSED, AND IF SO THAT IS
WAS DISCUSSED, AND IF SO THAT IS CLEARLY OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE
CLEARLY OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE AND TAMPERING WITH A WITNESS.
AND TAMPERING WITH A WITNESS. >> BUT HOW DO YOU KNOW UNLESS
>> BUT HOW DO YOU KNOW UNLESS YOU GET TESTIMONY FROM THE
YOU GET TESTIMONY FROM THE WITNESS.
WITNESS. >> EXACTLY.
>> EXACTLY. LET’S SEE IF WE CAN KEEP PUSHING
LET’S SEE IF WE CAN KEEP PUSHING AND GET MUELLER’S REPORT PUBLIC.
AND GET MUELLER’S REPORT PUBLIC. >> YOUR COMMITTEE GOT SOME
>> YOUR COMMITTEE GOT SOME LEAKED INFORMATION, THESE ARE
LEAKED INFORMATION, THESE ARE PAPERS YOU ASKED FROM THE WHITE
PAPERS YOU ASKED FROM THE WHITE HOUSE.
HOUSE. THAT IS SOMEBODY LEAKING IT FROM
THAT IS SOMEBODY LEAKING IT FROM THE WHITE HOUSE.
THE WHITE HOUSE. >> I WILL CERTAINLY DEFER TO
>> I WILL CERTAINLY DEFER TO ELISHA CUMMINGS ABOUT THE TIMING
ELISHA CUMMINGS ABOUT THE TIMING ON THAT, BUT WE SHOULD ALL BE
ON THAT, BUT WE SHOULD ALL BE CONCERNED ABOUT PEOPLE GETTING
CONCERNED ABOUT PEOPLE GETTING NATIONAL SECURITY CLEARANCES
NATIONAL SECURITY CLEARANCES THAT WERE DETERMINE TO BE PEOPLE
THAT WERE DETERMINE TO BE PEOPLE THAT SHOULD NOT BE GETTING
THAT SHOULD NOT BE GETTING CLEARANCES.
CLEARANCES. >> SHOULD WE KNOW WHY THE CIA
>> SHOULD WE KNOW WHY THE CIA DID NOT WANT TO GIVE THEM THE
DID NOT WANT TO GIVE THEM THE HIGHEST ACCESS AVAILABLE?
HIGHEST ACCESS AVAILABLE? >> I DO, AND IF THE PRESIDENT
>> I DO, AND IF THE PRESIDENT WILL DISREGARD THEIR DEVICE AND
WILL DISREGARD THEIR DEVICE AND DEMAND THE SECURITY CLEARANCE BE
DEMAND THE SECURITY CLEARANCE BE GIVEN TO THEM.
GIVEN TO THEM. I LOOK AT WHAT IS RIGHT AND WHAT
I LOOK AT WHAT IS RIGHT AND WHAT IS WRONG, AND THE CLINTONS TRIED
IS WRONG, AND THE CLINTONS TRIED TO GIVE CHELSEA A SECURITY
TO GIVE CHELSEA A SECURITY CLEARANCE, AND THEY SAID NO, I
CLEARANCE, AND THEY SAID NO, I WOULD BE UP IN ARMS ABOUT THAT
WOULD BE UP IN ARMS ABOUT THAT AS WELL, IT IS JUST PLAIN WRONG.
AS WELL, IT IS JUST PLAIN WRONG. >> YOU HAVE NOT ENDORSED KAMALA
>> YOU HAVE NOT ENDORSED KAMALA HARRIS, A LOT OF YOUR COLLEAGUES
HARRIS, A LOT OF YOUR COLLEAGUES HAVE.
HAVE. ARE YOU STILL SHOPPING?
ARE YOU STILL SHOPPING? >> I SAM TAKING A POSITION TO
>> I SAM TAKING A POSITION TO WAIT UNTIL AUGUST TO DO ENDORSE
WAIT UNTIL AUGUST TO DO ENDORSE MENTES FOR CONGRESSIONAL AND
MENTES FOR CONGRESSIONAL AND LOCAL RACES.
LOCAL RACES. SHE IS A DYNAMITE CANDIDATE AND
SHE IS A DYNAMITE CANDIDATE AND THERE ARE SOME OTHERS AS WELL.
THERE ARE SOME OTHERS AS WELL. LEST SEE HOW DHIETHEY DO IN THE